1	Showing that even in the modern warfare of the 1930s and 1940s, the dilapidated fortifications still had defensive usefulness.
2	Celtic had finally cemented a permanent home and this would see huge success to the present day.
3	He gives Shuji some pills saying that Chise needs them so her weapon side won’t take over and later gives her some much-needed maintenance.
4	In the areas where a Trio is called Trail, this hand is called 'Pakki Round' (Pure round).
5	More than 1000 police officers were deployed, but no clashes were reported in the candle-lit vigil.
6	When possible it often follows the edges of various vegetation to catch its prey by surprise.
7	Versace is unique among Italian fashion houses due to its frequent use of a celebrity "face" for the House in advertisements.
8	According to Henri Zerner, his work has a "freedom and immediacy that have no equivalent in Renaissance printmaking".
9	The court's hearings are open to the public.
10	After completing his PhD he stayed on at Berkeley to teach for a year, and left when it was clear he could not pursue his vision there.
11	Over the years since, many groups and experiments have used this technique to study the behavior of the Earth-Moon system, investigating gravitational and other effects.
12	The two most common filing statuses are shown, single (black curve) and married filing jointly (red curve).
13	Increased profits from high-yield production may also induce cropland expansion in any case, although as world food needs decrease, this expansion may decrease as well.
14	As a result, Rebecca can seem cold, hard and stubborn, but scratch the surface and you'll find an incredibly strong woman nursing a bitter, broken heart.
15	In 1949, Mao Zedong asserted that "to oppose imperialist aggression, we must build a powerful navy."
16	With his vast archive of cross-referenced index cards, the fate of Nazi opponents rested upon his whims.
17	Recording electrodes, however, must rely on whatever signals are present where they are implanted, and cannot easily be made more sensitive.
18	They travel back to 3000 B.C. and use the Stargate to pass from Chulak to Ancient Egypt where the original versions of SG-1 were stranded and where Ra is still alive and ruling.
19	The spokes communicate through a serial connection; usually RS485.
20	Last year, BYU defeated TCU 31-17 in Fort Worth on their way to the 2006 title.
21	Makoto Sakurai One of the main female protagonist in the game.
22	On November 10 of the same year, ANA also announced "Inspiration of Japan", ANA's newest international flight concept.
23	Godzilla attempts to attack the power plant, but meets resistance from the Self Defense Force 's "Super-X III" weapon.
24	Dick first toys with the idea of an affair with Rosemary at this point, which he finally acts upon years later.
25	The two solution circles will pass through both P and Q, and their radical axis is the line connecting those two points.
26	Prevention of triplets and high order multiples: Trends in reproductive medicine.
27	In a disastrous day for Cork football 'the Rebels' were trounced by 3-13 to 1-9.
28	Aguardiente ( Spanish ), aguardente ( Portuguese ), augardente/caña ( Galician ) or oruxu ( Leonese ), is the generic name for alcoholic drinks between 29 and 60 percent alcohol, meaning " firewater ", or, literally "burning water" "aguardiente.
29	This style, called "Swahili Jazz " was a mix of beats and styles of Cuban, European, Latin and African music.
30	A hundred thousand lives snuffed out in a matter of minutes.
31	Therefore in 1867 all existing lightships were given numbers by which they would be permanently identified, and the station at which they were presently serving was painted on their sides, to be changed as needed.
32	4 effectively contradicting the original design goals for allocators.
33	However, it is important to discuss requirements for process simulation for achieving accurate results.
34	He donated a -acre (0 m 2 ) parcel of his land to the newly-formed school.
35	The S-Bahn routes all feed into one of three core lines: a central, elevated east-west line (the Stadtbahn ), a central, mostly underground north-south line (the Nord-Süd-Tunnel), and a circular, elevated line (the Ringbahn ).
36	The two terms may be used interchangeably.
37	The population density was 91.9 people per square mile (35.5/km²).
38	Some say she was at a nightclub and inaccessible.
39	Most specialise in seafood, usually offering fish soup, shellfish, crab, lobster, prawns, sardines, mussels and the catch of the day.
40	In 1939, after entering the medical school at the University of Alberta, McKnight continued his cockiness but was on the verge of expulsion when a British recruiting mission for the Royal Air Force arrived in Calgary.
41	To avoid residents using it for local journeys, citation needed local fares are not available on this service.
42	With a record of 10-5-1, the Steelers lost in the divisional round of the playoffs.
43	Today, a similar program would only be 42 minutes long; a typical 30-minute block of time now includes 22 minutes of programming with 6 minutes of national advertising and 2 minutes of local.
44	It does not happen if serializability is maintained.
45	Organisation The schools and colleges in Kerala are run by the government or private trusts and individuals.
46	The law has resulted in the banning of Herri Batasuna and its successor parties unless they condemn explicitly terrorist actions and, at times, imprisoning or trying some of its leaders who have been indicted for cooperation with ETA.
47	This is an old Dhaka Landmark.
48	On December 30, 2003, Spurrier resigned as the Redskins' coach.
49	Previously, in 2005, the Deauville (France) Festival of American Film paid tribute to him.
50	Wilderson said in a 2004 newspaper article that "the moment was stark because alive he would have resisted any attempt for me to touch him."
51	Murray Young, Assistant Superintendent of Administration, served with him.
52	Fifty Dutch marines conducted an extensive search of the shoreline.
53	None of the workers had experience of publishing a tabloid, which generally requires twice as many stories of half the length.
54	However, a recent study reported that some of the risks related to longevity are poorly managed "practically everywhere".
55	Atkins claimed she was tempted, but turned him down because he is 42 years her junior.
56	Unlike the 1976 remake, the sequel was a commercial failure.
57	On 17 December 2007, Mr Krishnan Aravinthan became the new principal of Bedok South Secondary School.
58	Graham had left Georgiana's mother £400.
59	Grays Created by VersaLife, possibly from extraterrestrial genetic material, they have been rescued by JC Denton and now serve him as bodyguards.
60	Fifty Days of Kargil This has been Ram’s first and only theater experience.
61	Seventh and eighth Seventh and Eighth receive no home finals.
62	Cain and A.G Hopkins contest Hobson's conspiratorial overtones and "reductionisms," but do not reject the influence of "the City's" financial interests.
63	The next year he lost Bagrada, and presumably his life.
64	These two options are the ability to change between the new "waves" effect and the classic "wavy lines".
65	Contiguous burghs were allowed to unite for police burgh purposes.
66	By this time many of the motormen and conductors had enlisted, so in order to operate a satisfactory service to Arnold it was necessary to reduce the frequency of the service along Wilford Road.
67	When Ian threatens to escape and murder Halloween, Halloween responds by mockingly wishing Ian really was strong enough to kill him.
68	When the Mall Rats discover they don’t need the antidote anymore, they fear the City will turn into chaos again.
69	Born to a black father and a bipolar white mother who comes from a wealthy family, Lynn was adopted by a white family in Seattle.
70	He effectively used music to convey his philosophy.
71	Its known rodent fauna includes several species, some with restricted distributions.
72	He is about to attack an angry customer who is berating him when Chuck intervenes.
73	The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) designated the inaugural events as a National Special Security Event (NSSE).
74	Third theory The third theory is it was a combination of both theories with the synergy of Mr. Cook the entrepreneur and Mr. Jaques the artisan.
75	Even the police station was known as Angadipuram Police Station.
76	As a testament to his belief in his cause, the prince - who on the march from Scotland had walked at the front of the column - made the return journey on horseback at the rear of the bedraggled and tired army.
77	As a whole, the Neptunian rings resemble those of Jupiter; both systems consist of faint narrow dusty ringlets and even more faint broad dusty rings.
78	In the summer of 2005, the school board decided to close the arch to auto traffic due to safety concerns despite opposition from the student body.
79	Controversy in the total number of samskaras Since ancient times there has remained a dispute between experts on the total number of samskara that exist.
80	Rabbi Kotler decided to meet with their leader, Joe Bonanno.
81	From such a high (high for Norfolk) vantage point would have allowed the Mesolithic hunters magnificent views of the wide plains that is now the North Sea, which may have been the reason for the vesits, probably seasonal from generation to generation.
82	He married Dorothea Dudley in 1966, with one daughter born.
83	After taking 24 hours to consult and consider, Campbell rejected the offer as unworkable, given the gulf between the parties on issues of foreign policy and civil liberties.
84	However, Zucker and Spitzer Zucker KJ, Spitzer RL, 2005, "Was the gender identity disorder of childhood diagnosis introduced into DSM-III as a backdoor maneuver to replace homosexuality?
85	Deployments include Northern Ireland, the First Gulf War, Bosnia, Kosovo, Sierra Leone, the Second Gulf War and Afghanistan.
86	However, their attitudes on reformation and Sim's indicisiveness helped the Easterners take power, and the Westerners fell out of favor.
87	Arnolfini specialises in contemporary art, live performance and dance and cinema.
88	She tells him but realizes how funny it sounds, leaving Ross confused about the state of his marriage so far.
89	Production ended in 1978. 88 Introduced in 1965 the model 88 is a pressurised version of the Queen Air.
90	Beyond this, at any particular point in time the current government is an expression of the society’s current vision of the common good.
91	Episodes * All of the episodes are named after colors.
92	Those were the days when true educationists were assigned the task of heading institutions, and Vice-Chancellors were not hired or fired to suit the personal whims of provincial education secretaries.
93	Butuan or Surigao-based bikers regularly tour the rugged terrain of the region and are eager to show their routes to new comers.
94	The Saturn V quickly accelerated, reaching feet per second (0 m/s) at over mile (0 km) in altitude.
95	However, on 26 December, Saddam's appeal was rejected and the death sentence was given.
96	Elias is there with Sorrow in hand and Camaris is there with Thorn in hand.
97	The local branch of Woolworths closed for good on 27 December 2008, after the collapse of that store chain.
98	Councils are appointed bodies with autonomous decision-making and appropriation authority over some segment of government operations outside the Senate proper (for example, the Defense Council, which oversees the Navy).
99	To restore the Earth's balance, Lord Shiva requested Sage Agasthya to travel South.
100	The site that de Vaux uncovered divides into two main sections: a main building, a squarish structure of two stories featuring a central courtyard and a defensive tower on its north-western corner; and a secondary building to the west.
